Hi everybody
which i show you how to make a whole
easy place came a
that lets you shift your hair nicely
he is called the pitch of period of
waterfall braid and looks complicated
I also get a lot out of it
method was actually very simple
explain in
a bit tricky here but i'm going
just trying this is two more hairs
then we can breadth or even than 300
kinds of guy is from
is it an ideal hair style i'm after
the washing
luxurius volume spray first on of
geoffrey de and then the side extra
power cover for normal hair
that your question always and I already do in the
dots and then the old one from jovial
way so that I no longer have
what do you need two simple sliders
and her head and her spray you can do this
also if we do your music in June
report in her and then it's fun
war what sea salt spray has
referred really rougher for that
music
idea but I do not now I am going now
for the microphone jan because he could you
picks your front pick a pick of no
so this is about and if you just look
here to the mirrors can and will in
lion
then you do the front over the game
and what you are going to do and that is the
trick of this sheet i'll give you a tuft
every day with a side part of the
general corridor you grab a thin tuft
her
well can be very thin and do it
you have these two which gedraai
admit with praise explain you have this
two tufts with turned whose rain
the in between
then you release naked here and then turn
your top spec you've also
turning already
have a laugh
energy not well inside as you go
so grab it again
helper from above spectator
super neat or this to
bit
stage now so again points that
put it over the top again
out
then grab the bottom and then your own
world lag now this is busy
power than is there is a jump
through it that's why we got it
here also a pack just through it
and just turned in the very blow then grab
you again a tuft of the ball with mine
time to go anywhere and nergen so over again
upper one
then pick the bottom and then pick
knit 4 strokes so you actually do it
only thing you do with a bit of what you are from
doing a suit here is a sticking through
but your requested not per meter
they fight past the light early flat
only system
she picks up the laying and her will
just running is not safe
how do you grab a thin tuft
focus on her
I underestimated some
and then turn impact now proceed
arrived for reach just one more
once
then you grab a clip and you and you
wait
and the other bowl does not help you cut
and so I actually a very fast
simple look
discuss on her plv
and you 're done
benefit can still see well
well i think it is also an ideal look for
is your canvas top layer the jump i
always have on
you still have a bit of a hard time
Fairly doing a very grassy posey
can do ideal for after work or
festivals but remember and it is
ideal
and I underwent overnight too
just a little out of my face
well i hope you liked it and or
fast enough